# W3m color configuration file
# Save this as ~/.w3m/color

anchor           green
attrvalue        cyan
back             black
bg              black
black           black
blue            blue
bold            blue
cyan            cyan
form            blue
green           green
img             magenta
link            green
mark            cyan
magenta         magenta
normal          white
red             red
white           white
yellow          yellow

# Special elements
anchor_visited   magenta
frame           green
header          yellow
select          blue
title           yellow
status          yellow

# Menu colors
menu.fg         white
menu.bg         black
menu.active.fg  yellow
menu.active.bg  black

# Message colors
message.fg      white
message.bg      black
message.error   red
message.quote   green

# Search colors
search.fg       black
search.bg       yellow
